As mentioned at the end of the last lecture a lot of things are still missing.
But before for example working on the option or on the feature of being able to add ingredients I want
to hook up this basic form here.
And for this we need to create such a form with the reactive approach before doing so will quickly add
a button to this form you're below the bar iron list here.
And the button which allows me to submit this form it will of course all be of type I and button or
get this directive I should say.
And here I simply want to say mode recipe so that this also says new recipe or EDID recipe depending
on which mode we loaded for this page here.
I will also make this part of type block to have it span over the entire width.
That's all for now.
And with this that's now start working on the actual form.
As mentioned before using the re-active approach therefore we need to create that programmatically here
in our typescript file.
Now it works exactly the same as in a normal Angra two application.
Therefore if you feel confident doing this here's your challenge try creating this basic form on your
own.
You'll see which types of inputs we have here.
So you try to create a forum on your own and hook it up to the age Jamail starting in a few seconds.
We'll do this together.
Were you successful.
Let's do it together.
I will create a new method here a private method which name initialize for him which is responsible
for initializing the form looks like this.
No Inish lies like this.
Does looks better.
Initialize a form and this method should use tools Englyshe gives us to create a basic form which we
then can hook up to our template synchronize with our template.
Now I want to store this form in a property of this class here of this component and named this property
recipe form and will be of type form group as any form you create with the re-active approach is.
Make sure to import form group from an angular foreigns.
And of course it's uninitialized at the beginning because we're going to initialize it now together
in this initialize for method.
In here.
I will assign something cutis recipe form and this something will be a new form group.
We already edit this import.
This will create a new form group but it's not valid like this.
We need to pass an object as an argument angler to expect this and this object now really initializes
our form.
Now in this basic form we get three controls.
We get a title control.
I'm initializing this as a string here.
But you could of course also limit the quotation marks.
So we get a title control.
So this is a new form control there for of course.
Make sure to import foreign control from that angle of forms and I will go into the details of the form
control in a second.
We also have a description control description of this recipe.
So let's add this form control to this object initializing our form group.
And for now the last control we have we will add one later.
Is the difficulty like this also a new form control.
Pretty straightforward.
So if we get a very very very basic form initialized though I want to find this habit for example I
want to add default values and validators.
Now for now I don't need a default value so I will simply pass null here.
But I will set up validators for example the title here.
I will use the required validator and make sure to not execute this method but to only pass a reference.
Also you need to import validators from an angle of forms.
Now for the description I will also set the initial value to null and then also use the required validator
because I want to have a description of should not be empty.
And for the difficulty.
Well here I want to have a default value of let's say medium for now so that this medium partir is selected
and of course the default value here has to be one value of the array of options we're using for the
stropped down.
Also this is required.
So make sure to add validator squired here too.
That's my basic set of I want to use no default value you know the default value and then medium all
form controls being required with this form is created in the typescript code.
Now that alone is not enough.
Though we of course also need to hook it up or synchronize it with th Jim'll code.
Let's do this in the next lecture.